# “Documentation-like” Private Files for “Bombs vs. Sleepwalkers” Website

## How can it be accessed?

1. Visit [bvsgame.github.io](https://bvsgame.github.io)
2. On the main menu bar, click on the “Private Info” button, or visit [bvsgame.github.io/private](https://bvsgame.github.io/private)
3. It’ll be required to sign in to the private account listed in the database of the third-party server ([bvsgame.alwaysdata.net](https://bvsgame.alwaysdata.net)).
4. If you’re successfully signing in, auth data is stored in the local storage of your browser (not cookies). Every time you open Private Info or any of its sections, auth data is fetched by JavaScript and being used for XMLHttpRequest to connect to the third-party server. If requested file exists on the server, contents of the file are returned to your browser and parsed for proper interaction.
5. On the left side of Private Info webpage, you can see sections. There’s only **ONE** level of sections, meaning that there are no directories, no hierarchy, the structure is flat. However, there are various types of sections:
    - By the way, contents of sections can **embed** contents of each other. Music Tracks can include Takes, and Takes can include Music Tracks. There's a special JSON file "Connections" that defines which piece of content relates to which. "Connections" can't be opened directly, but it's loaded right at the moment you load the Private Info webpage and it's analyzed every time you navigate sections.
    - Sections of the Private Info webpage contain significantly more information than the publicly available counterparts. In fact, public pages are compiled from the data of private files.
    - `MD` AI.
    - `JSON` Characters.
    - `JSON` Coding and Development.
        - Code Snippets.
        - Features.
        - Frameworks.
        - Game Engines.
        - Libraries.
        - Platforms.
    - `JSON` Community.
    - `JSON` Design and Graphic Art.
        - Concepts.
        - Fonts.
    - `MD` Distribution.
    - `JSON` Gallery. Includes videos.
    - `MD` Game Design Guidelines.
    - `JSON` Game Locations.
    - `JSON` Gameplay.
        - Enemies. Often connected to Characters.
        - Items.
        - Levels.
        - Location Gimmicks.
        - Tools.
        - Vehicles.
        - Weapons.
    - `MD` Games. Just a list of games.
    - `JSON` Inspirations.
    - `JSON` Merged Projects.
    - `MD` Modding.
    - `JSON` Mods.
    - `JSON` Music Tracks. A single JSON file that is parsed as a long music playlist that can be filtered by various parameters.
        - In case of the music produced by liledix4, this list relies on the data of one more JSON file that contains info of all music ever produced, hosted on [`liledix4/data` GitHub repository](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/liledix4/data/refs/heads/main/music.json).
        - Parameters are:
            - `g|game` – filter by game.
            - `a|author` – filter by authors.
            - `w|wip` – stage of WIP during which the track was produced. Number (`0` for Legacy).
            - `u|unf|unfinished` – show only unfinished versions. There’s an option to include tracks that were finished later on or show only tracks that never were finished so far.
            - `ns|notstarted`
            - `rm|remreq|remasterrequired` – "remaster required".
            - `g|group` – group of tracks depending on the selected game.
            - `g2|group2` – subgroup of tracks depending on the selected primary group. Sometimes this parameter is not available (or ignored) if the primary group doesn't have subgroups.
            - `l|location`
            - `gm|gamemode`
        - Music can be represented as albums, in which case every track gets a number.
    - `JSON` Partnering Projects.
    - `JSON` Story Chapters.
    - `JSON` Takes. The biggest section of all. A collection of all smallest ideas: approved, rejected, discussed, criticized. Other sections may refer to this one quite regularly.
        - Takes are appearing to be independent, but in order to keep the context, they can be **connected to threads** or refer to other takes.
    - `MD` Thank You!
    - `JSON` Voice Acting Samples.
    - `JSON` WIP Stages.
    - `MD` Some other documents.
6. #TBA

### Tips

- GET requests (query strings) can be used to open specific content of the private website section. Also, anchor links allow to jump straight into the part of the requested content (heading of the text document, or category, or list item). Example of the full URL: `https://bvsgame.github.io/private?open=music#boom_time`
- There are two GET parameters, all of them are optional:
    - `open` – opens a specific section of the webpage.
    - `param` – used for filtering lists generated by JSON files.
