# EDimensions

SO — original Saylor
SG — Saylor's good twin

SO: Wait, am I even allowed to see my own future? Isn't it a violation of some rules of time or, I don't know... Could it create any paradoxes? Or maybe... *you* are a paradox.
SG: Don't overthink it. The temperature here could rise because of your head.
SO: Well, you know me, I can't stop asking questions if something provokes it.
SG: Should I silence you with a tape? As far as I know, I didn't even think of it.
SO: And why so aggressive? Oh. Sorry. Um, you wanted to say something, right?
SG: Yes.
SO: I don't remember all of this... Ah, dumbo, of course, you're not from the past...
SG: How do you know?
SO: What do you mean?
SG: That I'm not from the past. What if you actually forgot or someone made you forget?
SO: Oh. Fair observation.
SG: But at this point, it doesn't really matter. What matters is: we can combine both minds! And I need your help.
SO: Well, you know me, I'm always all ears. Especially if it's myself to listen to.
SG: Stellar! So...
SO: Oh, my word...
SG: You know what portal is, right?
SO: Don't annoy me.
SG: Now imagine if you had thousands of them in one closed space.
SO: Okay. I wonder why, but I'll take it as it is.
SG: Now, observe.

SO: Oh my shiny stars! How did you do that?
SG: It's called engineering.
SO: I said, don't annoy me.
SG: {{Some technobabble}}
SO: Wait, since when I know all of that?
SG: Don't annoy me.
SO: Still getting annoyed. Just brainier. So, where are those portals leading to? And... are they safe to use? Are they stable?
SG: Well... I didn't have a chance to try myself. But it worked in the opposite direction: people and creatures arrived from there, and I'm not quite sure if they've returned to their proper places safely. Some of them might be a toast at this moment.
SO: Well, hopefully you don't have intentions to scatter my limbs across the space or fry me well-done. If you're from the future, you would stop existing. Or wait... Would it mean that it's *actually* safe? But what if something really kills me? If you're from the future, how can you exist in this case?
SG: Would be much darker if I wasn't here, wouldn't it? Again, we both don't know the positions of each other in a timeline. You could be my future, you exist, therefore nothing kills me in your past.
SO: I'll better keep the temperature here. So, where are they leading to?.. Oh, tablets above. Oh gosh, WHAT? This is a joke of yours, right? There's no such thing as Bejeweled universe or whatever it is, we both know that it's completely fictional.