SAYLOR: Holy hell, why is everything here so wobbly? And… I weirdly recognize some things… Isn't it… my city? Many familiar houses? Same roads as I remember?
????: This is an echo of various locations in space. I assume this one is Earth.
SAYLOR: Wait. This is MY suburbia! Is it supposed to appear here? Also, do you see the same thing as me?
????: That's sort of strange.
SAYLOR: Indeed. So?
????: Hold on. Can you turn on your band for me?
SAYLOR: Why?
????: I think there's something about your gadgets.
SAYLOR: Gadgets? Is something wrong with them?
????: Possibly. Just let me check it for you.
SAYLOR: Mind you, I’m a paranoid, so I’m watching you very carefully.

Saylor turns her band on.

SAYLOR: No tricks.
????: You see me.
SAYLOR: Oh, and don't check the browser history!
????: Oh, oops, it was unavoidable. Gosh, what a remarkable stuff you’re googling.
SAYLOR: Kindly concentrate. It looks like we're in a middle of nowhere and you have a casual fun.
????: Oh, hey, look!
SAYLOR: Andromeda Market results, eh?
????: No. The settings. You have personalization enabled.
SAYLOR: So?
????: So wherever you go, if it's an interactive place like this one, it'll be adjusted to your own preferences.
SAYLOR: Oh dear gods, several light years away from my home planet and there's still a privacy invasion.
????: Well. Not a catastrophe maybe?
SAYLOR: I can arrange a catastrophe for you if you won't switch it off.
????: Okay, okay. It's like a flip of the switch anyway. Done!
SAYLOR: Oh…
????: Hm?
SAYLOR: My town is disappearing. Kinda sweet memories though. Maybe nice to relive something from my personal past. It feels so distant now, after all that I’ve experienced.