D — Darkrock
S — Saylor

# Who are you?

D: Oh, good day to you again!
S: Mm-hm, if you think so. What did bring you here? Is it even fun to follow me? Certainly you have better hobbies. Like... I don't know, selling scrap metal or whatever you geeky baddies do in your free time.
D: You could welcome me more warmly though.
S: The last time we met, you've got enough of warmth. From explosions. I assume you still have scorches. Did you miss that feeling?
D: I'm looking forward to the continuation. But more importantly, one question keeps worrying me. It doesn't leave me peacefully enjoying the hobbies, as you put it.
S: I guess the question is "Have you seen some teeth I lost decades ago? I wanted to keep them as the trophies."
D: You're rude.
S: You're welcome.
D: The question is simple, but also extremely complex, and I desperately intend to find an answer.
S: Go on, wonder-man.
D: "Who are you?"
S: Um. Seriously?
D: More serious than ever.
S: You're obviously trolling. You're not funny, if you didn't know. You're bad comedian.
D: You don't realize. There's something deep in your history. Some unrevealed secret that even you can't know. Your destiny leads to something literally unbelievable. But maybe you're already familiar with the glimpses of that long journey. After all, it's you and your timeline.
S: Yeah, yeah, I've heard enough of that from scammers online. Tell me more about my life. I'm just Saylor, I know who I am, and I have no free dollars for you, mysterious mister, so kindly shut up and get out.
D: This is not an end, you know. You don't even know when it ends.
S: I hope it ends now. You know I'm not interested in your neverending journey and bad trips, find someone else.
D: But I know for sure that this is just a beginning!
S: Oh now you're talking.

# Cube-Simulator

D: Oh, dear, are you interested to know more about your past?
S: I'm never looking back. I'm always going forward.
D: This time... Do you know *when* is your forward? Do you think you have a choice? In your future, you can't go past *the past*.
S: And who makes these rules?
D: Hm-hm!
S: You?
D: No-no. No. I'm not writing your history. I'm merely helping you to open your eyes and see where you're going, what is your timeline. There are some other stellar candidates for meddling with your order of events.
S: What's your benefit then?
D: Would I share it so untimely? You don't want to know your own spoilers, do you?
S: Stop it with this unnecessary enigma, do you have something actual to say?
D: Are you running out of time? I mean, you're always running, from one time period to another in all senses. You never stop, like a ticking clock. But this time let's keep it slow, let's not try to turn the clock hands by hand. Press the pause button!
S: Be serious, please. Or I'll make you forget that the word "slow" even exists. You'll certainly remember the word "ouch."
D: Get some sleep. I see you're tired. And you want to retire. Oh poor earthling. My assistants will help you with that.
S: Toni, Toni, Toni, prepare the weapons quickly, it's starting again!
D: Not "again." "One more time." Don't spoil the fun.