---
revised: 0.1.5.7
---

# WIP 1.5 – March 2025

## 1 March 2025

### 0.1.5.7

- **Data**
  - Slight edit of `characters/saylor.md`

### 0.1.5.6

- **Data**
  - Small but important changes to `characters/saylor.md` to reduce the ambiguity and improve readability. And a few new lines were added.

### 0.1.5.5

- **Data**
  - BIGGEST UPDATE: introducing freshly written `characters/saylor.md` – 960 words of introduction, adapted specifically for artists.
  - Now both PUBLIC and PRIVATE data repositories share the same file structure!
    - Starting from this version, some parts of information are becoming more transparent.
  - Unnecessary `.gitkeep` files are deleted.
  - Instead of `story_chapters` directory, there's a `story` directory with `chapters` subdirectory.
  - Instead of multiple `index.json` files (one for each directory), there's just one `index.json` file at the root directory.
  - Instead of a single `project_version.md` file, there's a `project_version` directory, and WIP directories may have various Markdown files named as a year and month.
    - Text structure for change logs is also changed. Version numbers are headings now. And there are full dates instead of simply days.
  - For Markdown files, there are several new practices introduced:
    - Front matter.
      - `revised` – version number during which the Markdown file is revised (checked if the changes are necessary).
    - Highlighting ideas.
      - Using `==this Markdown syntax==`, now it's possible to highlight ideas so that they could be added to the list of ideas (parser would treat highlights in a special way). There's no need to have separate files for collecting ideas and takes any longer – now there's a direct integration with Markdown files.
    - Footnotes.
      - Footnotes are used to mention ideas/opinions that are not supposed to be a part of the main text.
  - Numerous empty files were created. Content will be added in the next versions.
  - Some housekeeping.
